But just as a matter of taking, I would say, more than good possibility, no.
Mr. Adams, we will shoot for those in mourning just as nearly as can be.
Mr. Garb, I will say keep the Indians working and you will be here.
And I will say not until next week, unless you guys first go.
Mr. Adams, here.
Mr. Adams, we'll be exception on the divisions.
We'll be exception on the divisions on the main rivers, the right-director rivers,
for a new transcription of the monotid call in March 5, 1964 at 525 PM,
between Mr. Garb and Mr. Adams.
So, before the bomb, the line was about, and it's nearly and it should be early.
One time, the staff didn't even change the line.
Let the gate go back from the bomb.
And, gentlemen, we will shoot for Thursday morning just as early as can be.
So, what day is it?
So, the last one.
What word did I use in the summer?
Did I use early?
No, me, me, me, and it should be early.
In other words, what Senator should read?
Mr. Adams, we will shoot for Thursday morning just as early as can be.
Now, with exception, what one?
Correct, Jim, did I read it correctly?
Yes, sir.
I'll be there.
Another witness will now be called to the stand to test device to the monitor telephone calls.
And, last year, coming to the station.
Mrs. Miss Glancy.
What is the next call between the two gentlemen that you monitor?
Um, probably four in the afternoon and the eighth of March.
Do you have a transcription of that call in front of me?
I will read my transcription and I'll ask you a problem.
Mr. Carr, hello, Mr. Adams, hello Frank.
Mr. Carr, gentlemen, I take it.
You are not going to get a chance to get over here, Mr. Adams.
Gosh, Frank, I have been sitting here working on a paper.
Now, Mrs. Miss Glancy, I need a minor correction in that both words and adjectives.
I am very apologetic.
Until this second, I forgot about it.
I have been sitting here with the pencil in hand, writing up music.
Mrs. Glancy is the correction that I made as that materially effective meaning of that.
Mr. Sennish, no face.
Mr. Carr, it is either a blast, a bash.
What do you think?
It is about four o'clock.
Adams, it is too late today.
Maybe we are better do it tomorrow.
Carr, let's get together tomorrow.
What do you have on your mind, Carr?
I want to continue our talk on the other day.
I don't want to talk on the phone.
I think I have been successful to some extent.
Adams, or do you going to be in charge of the rest of the week?
Carr, making a speech in New York tomorrow.
Adams, then coming down here.
Carr, once again, we have this one guy of yours, Mr. X.
Mr. Adams, oh, Mr. Carr, plus the FTO.
First thing we probably will have, more FTO.
Killings going on solely.
Adams, oh, Carr.
So I would say in town of Teens.
I would say maybe you and I hope to have a chat sometime soon.
Adams, well, I will try and do it tomorrow.
I am, Mr. Vista.
Thank you.
It should be FTO, meaning federal of national communication.
Thank you, sir.
Mr. Adams, well, I will try and do it tomorrow.
I am very apologetic.
I just forgot.
Mr. Carr, okay, gentlemen, time is over.
Yes, Mr. Adams, okay, thank you.
Now does that conclude the call of March 8th?
Yes.
In a by correctly, ready to acceptions of the one change,
we have to go to the rest of the week.
Yes.
But now, we can cross bond with the transmission of yours.
We are transferring of yours, stomach-like ignores.
Yes.
Did you monitor a call between these two gentlemen,
Mr. Carr and Mr. Adams on March 9th, 1950?
Yes, sir.
Was that the next call?
And what was the time?
Oh, it's here in the afternoon.
I will read my transcription and I'll ask you to follow.
Carr, hello, Adams, hello Frank.
Carr, John, let me get my machine on.
It is fouled up.
But, don't you have a machine that has a buzz?
Carr, not automatically.
Adams, I see.
Carr, I have the old car and I have to switch it on.
Carr, John, I ask you a week or so,
hello, about this Mr. X,
what's more, what is how come of that?
Is someone working on it?
Are you going to get that?
Joe will ask me when he gets back.
Adams, I should have that Dr. Ma on the moon.
I had a target on that and a few other things.
Carr, that will come over tomorrow noon, right?
Sometime tomorrow.
Adams, I don't know Frank, that I indicated
I would ever get you a paper.
You ought to know what happened,
where he used in the army,
what his duties are, something we can give.
Carr, just a second.
I know, then, well someone will ask him about that
and he will be asking me.
You will try to get that tomorrow, right?
Adams, right, I will get you back for you
in what mood.
Carr, all right.
Adams, all right.
Carr, the next one can you give us
the 201-File on this guy, Mr. X.
Mr. Adams, Mr. X.
Mr. Carr, all right.
Adams, right.
Carr.
Now the next one describes the men
he which I just referred.
Is that correct?
Correct.
Mr. Adams, is he and so this man
are Carr no ease out?
Adams, then we will have to send the state
north for the fall.
Carr, right?
He born this age and the next
two words also describe the men.
Is that correct?
Correct.
Mr. Adams, discharge.
And there are also the script he was
to meet with me following that.
That's correct.
Mr. Carr, right?
Mr. Adams, right.
Mr. Carr, his service number is
Frank.
Adams, Frank.
Carr, he has previously had other
serial numbers with the Army,
while it would be out of mold.
Adams, that's the Carr, he was an
enlisted man in previous service.
Mr. Carr, I have one, Frank.
Adams, right.
Carr, and the other number,
probably, enlisted does not seem to
be long enough.
Frank.
Mr. Adams, that is long enough.
I think.
No, it isn't.
Frank.
Mr. Carr, I don't know if that is
long enough.
Frank is supposed to be his last
number.
Born, born, Frank.
Dave.
Mr. Adams, you know a lot about
him.
Mr. Carr, a little about him.
Born in Frank Country.
Adams, right.
Carr, another thing you could do.
Now, St. Louis takes time.
Adams, I am sure it would be out
there because he is out of service.
I don't know where he is.
We will have to find out.
It probably never was in here.
Carr, look up in the works anyhow.
I guess that is all.
Okay, I have some other things.
Adams, I see.
Okay, what else?
Carr, that is all.
I take it, you are not interested.
In getting together with me.
Adams, that is not so.
I am working myself to the bowl.
I am working my head off.
Carr, I thought you possibly
were when I talked to you last time.
Frank, don't say that.
Carr, I am serious, John.
I have gone to great lengths.
I am a little disturbed.
Three dots.
Just Adams, that is not so.
I have not been able to get away from my best.
Carr, it is all right with me, John.
It does not make that much difference to me.
I thought I was working with you.
Adams, I hope you are.
I hope you are working on the same problem.
Carr, I did want to talk to you.
It is up to you, boy.
Adams, I will be up to see you.
Carr, I have gone ahead and got involved in a commitment.
Adams, I am itch, Frank.
Carr, this is my last offer.
Frank, Adams, okay, bye.
Now, does that conclude?
The call to which we already made reference.
And with the exception of the deletions,
which I called your attention to, if I correctly read your transcription,
the deletions.
Now, Mrs. Lancet,
where you put dots,
does that mean that something was left out?
Yes, at least I did get a word in the end.
Now, on all the calls that I have read, on all the transcriptions,
is it your testimony that those transcriptions,
just substantially, reflect the conversations between Mr. Carr and Mr. Adams.
Yes, Frank.
And nothing in a material way was left out.
Yes, did I know?
You, to the best of your ability, took down everywhere that was saved.
Yes, Frank.
Is that correct?
Yes, correct.
Now, are there any more monitor calls
that you took between Carr and Adams?
Yes, there's two more calls, but I did not take them.
And we concluded all the calls that you monitor.
Yes.
Well, Mr. Chan, Roger.
Please.
Mr. Chan, Roger.
Roger.
At least you, Oneway.
Jesus, I'm sorry for trying to handle you, but still,
the whole truth is that nothing but it's just the whole truth.
Evacuate me, please.
And do I MISS CHаний trigger?!
Yes, it, MIS or MIS ist.
MIS is strike.
Now, Mrs. Shun, Roger, are you also Secretary to Mr. Adams?
So I am Secretary to the Duptitt Accounts Hall.
And who is the Secretary Council?
The Secretary.
And do you all occasions take dictations to Mr. Adams?
You try to, when you Secretary is there to...
And what it's been, are you here to take short ear notes and transcribing for those notes?
You don't take any notes for many years.
Well, I'll take you down next, but I'll see you now.
Wow.
You've had a lot of exchange.
Now, did you monitor any telephone calls between Mr. John Adams and Mr. Frank Carr during the month of March?
Yes.
What's that?
How many calls between these two gentlemen to do monitoring?
Why?
And the date of that call was one.
30th of March.
Two, you have a transcript, you know, that monitoring in front of you.
I don't know.
And you only monitor the one call.
Right.
March 6, 1954, and that was a flop time of date.
147 am.
There's a transcription which you have in front of you for accurate transcription of what was said between these two gentlemen.
Yes, sir.
You better work today.
Good afternoon, Madam Taylor.
Madam, here's what I can't believe Mr. Carr stipulates that all the longer calls that you have before you will be just by two as accurately monitored by the witnesses to say to some time.
And that way, we have to read them in the records.
Thank you, sir.
I will read the transcription which I hear in my head.
And I will read it again when I ask you to follow me in, see if I will read correctly.
And this is called 8 at March 6, 1954, 10, 147 am.
Is that correct?
Between Mr. Adams and Mr. Carr.
Mr. Adams.
Man, man, man, next.
Four pages.
Yesterday.
Are you sure you got the right guy?
Carr.
No, that's why I told you we might let him off.
Adams, here's his cleanest ivory soap.
There's another man by that name, who lives in New York.
Used to be in service.
Who is...
X.
Mr. Carr.
In service recently.
Adams, on the go.
Carr, how long ago?
Adams, six or seven years ago.
Carr, do you have the file?
Adams, no, I just had a call without effect.
They say the file is clean.
Carr, that's why we wanted to a one-file.
Adams, I think you will find man by same name, practicing in blank.
Mr. Carr, blank.
Mr. Adams, I think you have the wrong man.
Mr. Carr, I am inclined to think so too.
If the young man's background and we can be jazzy.
Adams, I don't know.
I haven't seen the file.
That's why my people just told me.
Carr, can you send me the file?
Adams, yes, I can send you the file by one of your excuses.
Maybe if I didn't, you would tell me you have mistaken identity.
Carr, all right, fine.
What's all this blank in the paper?
Mr. Adams, I don't know why he's in.
Mr. Carr, what the hell?
I think the guy must be on the wacky side.
Is he trying to fit himself in the position of promise?
Adams, he has a public remission.
He's fellow.
Carr, unless he was, guy that took over during recent practice.
Mr. Adams, I am completely in the dark about it.
Somebody may know more about it than I do.
I think too much.
Carr, he looks like an Indian.
Does that conclude your call?
Or is it like six?
Did I correctly read it?
What is the exception of the deletions to which they brought us?
I'm a gentleman, Adams, I'm a stage one.
You said why, and it should lead better.
What, my people just told me.
Does that change the meaning of the call?
I will put it so.
Well, with exception, we have one question to our leader.
Oh, I'm going to keep my voice.
Bye, Adams.
Thank you.
Well, as I understand, that was the only call that you monitored
between Mr. Clark and Mr. Adams.
Thanks.
Thank you.
When you call, is it Mr. Blue or Mr. Blue?
In the first, uh, the first time I can, uh,
calculate whatever you have before you is, uh,
pat the scene where you can stand on.
There's things that come out.
So that you can now just lead the call.
Very good.
Raise your head, you're in the empty air.
You found me to want a testimony about to give me the truth
for how truth I'm not in the truth.
You have to go out.
You mind to see it?
State your name, please.
Let me know.
And that is Mr. Blue.
Mr. Blue.
Mr. Blue, you have the transcription of the monocle
between Mr. Clark and Mr. Adams.
Made in March 1854.
Plan 35 and 8-Hm.
Yes, sir.
You monitor that call.
Thank you.
No, when you follow me, I read from the copy that I have in my hand.
Can't be forgetting, uh, there's a following range.
And I quote, record a telephone conversation between Mr. Frank Carr,
and investigating subcommittee of Senate and Mr. Adams Department Council.
Mr. Carr, could I borrow the youth for a couple of minutes on a couple of names?
If you want us to, we would borrow up with a letter.
Mr. Adams, go ahead.
If you can, let us know where these are located.
The first one.
And the school, our only greeting,
any further from our paragraph,
do you agree with me that it's all from the nature of giving names and describing.
The persons whose names are given.
So, Mr. Carr, Mr. Adams,
they inspect me.
Mr. Carr, oh, well, find out where he is.
What is the possibility of asking him in the proposed morning,
depending upon where he is stationed?
Now we would like to have the 201,000 on these guys, also where they are.
Now, do you agree with me that there are follows the names of some five persons
with seven descriptions following the names of each of the persons?
Yes, sir.
And there's no other information contained on the first page of this transcript.
No, sir.
There's no information about the names of these five persons.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Adams, if I ever get away from my desk, I'm coming over there.
Mr. Carr, good.
We're having hearing a 1030 this morning.
And another one tomorrow afternoon.
Mr. Adams, I think Barry is catching the one this morning.
You've got Mr. X this morning.
Mr. Carr, that's right.
The exception of the deletions to which we made reference to not correctly read the transcription
of that monotid call.
That is the one David Martin in 1954 between Mr. Carr and Mr. Adams.
You did, sir.
There are no other monotid calls between Mr. Carr and Mr. Adams.
It's not correct.
You know, I'm addressing that not only to you, but to the other two ladies in test drive.
That's correct.
Mr. Carr, is it intended to follow Mr. Colman's hands?
The other side has a test drive.
Oh, that's one of those.
In ours, we do not keep driving.
We do not mind the call.
When we, and we don't intend to, sir.
When we want to get down some information to be quoted or a point to check on,
what we will do is have the person say, Mr. Carr, talk and commit to Adams.
Mr. Carr, I'll explain it to you.
John, I'm going to have a girl get on the phone to get down this information.
So it happens in one case.
And we were trying to get a call from Mr. Adams for use in our annual report on the Army Security System.
It's sure that that's not a particular variant on this controversy.
Well, the only thing is this whole case.
We don't care whether it goes in or whether it doesn't go in.
Bill, you may all hold a close to the other side.
On the phone, we would prefer to have it in, Mr. Colman.
But my only time is, we're going to have a five minute recess.
And as we have a very busy meeting today, we have a recess.
Because we have just told you this.
Mr. Jenkins has a minute and a month and we're very happy to have this.
We'll have a five minute recess.
And we'll meet you in the next problem.
I'm sure I'll get to all the conversations with the committee rules.
For a bidding of honorable manifestations of approval of this approval on the following year.
It would be necessary if you would use those now.
It was agreed immediately prior to the recess that the first item of business following the recess
with the reading into the letter, the telephone call supplied by the so-called
Kohn Macarty side of this country.
And Mr. Menard, do you have that call?
And can you take care of that?
Or is it somebody else?
Mr. Chairman, I have it.
I want the party here to look at as a witness.
I believe she is here.
It's me.
Mr. Memes in the room.
Mr. Duckett, will you send for Mrs. Memes?
I think she's on the way.
Senator Macarty is not yet in the caucus room.
There's Mr. Lee.
Chief Council of the government operations committee, the parent committee of this temporary committee.
Mr. Emesia, Senator Macarty is apparently not in the caucus room.
There's Mr. Meanor on the left, the associate council, Mr. Jenkins, and Senator Mutt.
While we're waiting, we can start the question go around with these last monotony.
Anybody have any questions to ask them? The chair has none. Do you have any Senator Macarty?
You have none, Senator Jackson.
No, no, sir.
Senator Jackson?
No, sir.
Senator Potter?
Senator Simonton?
Senator Boyshank?
Mr. Welch?
Mr. Clare?
Mr. Macarty isn't here, so we've got back to the same point now, waiting for Mr. Meanor.
All of the monotony telephone calls in possession of the Army have not been placed in the record of print.
There are still one more as between Mr. Carr and I believe Secretary, Army Councilor John Adams.
This one was taken by Mrs. Francis Mims, who was the secretary to Mr. Carr and Mr. Cohn in the committee itself.
She has been on the witness stand once before.
She's a controversy.
And at that time she talked about the much discussed photograph which was an early issue in the controversy.